It
was easy to defend that base. It was a real good base
to be on at any time of year. That was our main base of
operation. We spent half our time probably there,
but it was a good base to be at because it was so
secure and they had bean shoes there. And that's
some of the things that people
want to see the movies, probably don't realize
that when you get all of a sudden to be in a place
where you can completely get used to, at the
futures, you know, at the clubs, you know, you go
back, you know, and stuff, and yet, you know, the
next day you put back on a shop or go somewhere that,
you know, just completely opposite. So... The
main
base has been pretty well protected. It's just
that they could always hit them with rockets or
mortars, except for the podium channel I made on,
like I said. Supposedly, I read about it again, but
that one was a good base to be on. So how much slot
time did you have? Oh, probably about half the time
we were there. It was not on any type of direct
operation. And then, even when you're on an
operation, As
I said, you know, a lot of it turned out to be not
productive from a military standpoint. So
overall, it wasn't like that was a day of conflict
and a day of threat. It wasn't like that. From my
point of view, it wasn't as bad as, I'm sure, on the
radio, it's not on the radio like this. Again,
a lot worse, a lot more often. Did you know anybody
that was like that, that had that? Oh, yeah. Some of
my friends. One of the things I had to do in high
school when I came to the first one in my class, they
would kill me. I was very young. I had to get a
telephone out there. As a matter of fact, while I
was training in Florida to go over, I had 12 home
attempts. I had to take care of the children. So,
yeah. Six
or nine
of
my classmates in that class were about 190 kids.
Six of them were killed. How has all of this
affected your life now? Overall, I probably came
more personally out of it than come out of it. I just
think I have a really good chance of people in terms
of life in general. I
just have great appreciation for the things that
you have done for me. I honestly, I don't, I wasn't
scarred, but I know physically, so I don't know if I
can have a good impact on people. But obviously, I
would recommend that everybody has to do their own
work to better their own person. I've heard, I've
heard, So
how do you feel about, say, the typical portrayal
of the Vietnam vet who came home and went crazy,
who's shooting people and... That's probably,
you know, an exaggeration. I mean, I'm sure it is
something that happens, but I don't think
everybody should perceive it, you know, that
there's a lot of time, a lot of pressure, you know,
and killing. But like I say, I'm sure that people
have had experiences that were a lot more severe.
you
know, that they probably does have some of that
impact on, you see, I was fortunate that the combat
encounters that I did have were a lot less public
and severe to what some of these people were trying
to throw me. We had casualties, but I had to deal
with the chaos and everything that goes around.
It's
just hiding him. He just doesn't know what he can do
in a situation like that. Until the minute
something happens, you don't know how it's going
to affect you overall. When I first came back, I
didn't know what I was going to do. I didn't know
what I was going to do. There
are a few that
it has happened to. It looks like the worst case. So
how did you deal with the fear of the band? It's hard
to explain. Just, again, I think that's
everybody. It's different. I believe that people
ever just completely freeze and they couldn't do
anything. Others just take the strength and
others arrive and it's just like, I think that's
part of the strength. When they're seeing you
still operate, you just kind of keep doing it. So
what did you do after you came back? Well, I
had another
10 months in the service, so I finished that and
then I went back for general entry. And shortly
thereafter, I got married to my wife. I had known
her prior to going to Vietnam. But obviously, they
wanted me to get married or anything like that. But
we had no marriage. And I had to do that. So I got
married. Let's see. It didn't take much after I got
out of the service. As long
as two years after it's back to being nominated,
I'll get married. You know, and then get several
different jobs, and then finally get to work for
Exxon. That's my plan. So does your
wife think you changed from before you went to
Indiana? Anybody ever comment to you about that?
Some of the people I think that knew me a little
better. At that time I didn't know her. I didn't
know her all that long before I went to Vietnam.
Somebody I had met was stationed with her brother
in the service and met her. before I
went
over, but we were just dating for a fairly short
time. And with being in the service, I didn't see
her that often, so she always felt that I changed
significantly before, after. Some people I knew
as a friend said, you know, they had seen some
changes. I think it was just the changes that were
more serious and just things in general, how it
ended. life,
but no matter changes. Anything else you'd like to
say
for the record? Like I said,
I'm sure
everybody has their own experiences and gains and
losses from it, so it's, you know, everybody. I
don't know if there's anything else. I
have
been real quiet about the whole situation, but I
never did talk to him about it. Would you do it
again? I probably wouldn't. You know, now it's
funny, as I get older, it's hard not to. My son would
ask me that question. You know,
if I knew the outcome
was going to be the same, I would. And if I really had
the same convictions at the time, I would. I mean,
if I felt that we were doing, you know, something
that needed to be done for the people there.
Because like I said, at the time, I had the same, I
had the strong convictions. So I probably would if
I think if I... I had the same
involvement or knowledge I have now about that
particular
war. I would probably try not to get as involved
with it as I was then because I just feel like we
didn't have the full commitment to that country or
those people that we should have if we were really
trying to help. So
how do
you feel
about the military? Would you want your son to be in
the military? Do you have a good feeling about
that? Yeah, in a way, I think it's a good
experience. It helps you handle a lot of
situations. There's a lot of good training and
discipline and training where you get to know your
own person. So I think it can be a real learning
experience. It does have a lot of good training.
And of
course,
you know, when there's an actual war involved in
it, the whole experience is completely
different. So, um, but it was, uh, I don't know how
you ever can justify a war, but basically, so, um,
you know, now, we'd like to see everything done,
everything, everything, the situation resolved
without a war, because it's, it seems such a futile
thing, no matter who shot you in the eye. I
mean, it does seem
like a good evidence out of it, but it's hard to say
for sure what happens there. Well, would you ever
want to go back to Vietnam? Yeah, actually. To see
what happens? Yeah, I would. I told my wife about
it. The country itself is a beautiful country. You
know, we operated in the Central Coastal Leagues
and the Central Highlands. I
mean,
it's just, it is a land, a beautiful country, and
sometimes when I look at the scrapbook and the
pictures and stuff, you wonder about the people in
the villages that are taking pictures of what
they're doing and how they're doing it. He'd
never know who they are because he don't think he
didn't know their names. Yeah, I've always felt
that I'd like to see it again. I tried to watch the
show, but then it wasn't shown until I was in
Canadian. So I had to go back and report on it. I'd
like to do it again. That's it. Thank you. Thank
you. Okay, well, on through with that.